this is something I think you'll enjoy
and those of you who are parents know
that children love animals especially
talking animals you know kids see
talking animals on TV and in the movies
a lot and they love them but I've always
wondered how they would react if they
saw a talking animal in real life so we
got a Hollywood makeup artist and we
asked him to transform me into a very
realistic looking pig and then we
invited some young kids to come in off
the street to meet Jimmy the pig all
right
just a regular Pig he's pretty cool he's
sleeping now but you could pet him here
all right you want to pet him for a
little while I have to go breastfeed a
koala bear
all right have you ever met a talking
pig before can you guys keep a secret
yeah cowboy big jerk that brought in
here we do not let him know that I could
talk cuz if he finds out he's gonna want
to keep me forever and then I won't be
able to come live at your houses with
you I think I hear the boots I think I
hear his boots how's everything going
still sleeping huh hey I brought bacon
for you guys you want to eat something
must be really hungry over in LA
this morning yeah it's a good pig all
right eat your bacon I'll be right back
yeah all clean excuse me big said that
what pig said what did you call me ugly
no I'm gonna be honest I've known to
take a lot longer than you and if he
says he didn't talk and he can't talk
then I believe him can you talk no no
these girls are saying you could talk
isn't that ridiculous back did you
weren't honest with me said you talk
it's crazy
hey what's the big idea you told him I
talked I know you did you see that bacon
he gave you you know where he got that
from the last pig that was seen this in
this fence so I don't want to wind up
like bacon no it's made out of pigs okay
so when the cowboy comes back in here I
want you guys to say I'm sorry we were
line and we want to box you don't listen
to talking hey you do good good I'm not
telling you to listen to me I'm asking
you to help me will you help me okay
thank you so God comes in Oh
all right let's say me I'm freaking out
here I need to know the truth do I have
a talking pig or not yeah we made it you
made it up how about I offer you each
$20 tell me the truth
yeah you made it up sorry I have $40
each $40 how many does he speak Oh No
why would you do this we had a good
thing going to three of us and then the
money came in and everything changed
let me tell you something girls one
morning when you're eating breakfast and
you bite into a piece of bacon and that
bacon starts talking I want you to know
that was me I'll forget it
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel did you know there
are things other than pornography on the
Internet watch them on the Jimmy Kimmel
Live YouTube channel which much like
your own body I encourage you to explore